[DOCS-14683] Add Secrets Management to MySQL source (#37418)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/mysql.md

Ensure you have completed the [prerequisite steps](#prerequisites) first. Then, set up the MySQL source and its environment variables when you [set up a pipeline][1]. The information below is configured in the pipelines UI.

> <div class="alert alert-danger">For Secrets Management: Only enter the identifier for the MySQL URI connection string. Do <b>not</b> enter the actual value.</div>

Reviewer: The identifier/actual distinction is what's most important here, so I think it makes more sense to bold that. 

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-danger">When using Secrets Management, only enter the <b>identifier</b> for the MySQL URI connection string, not the actual value.</div>
```

Author: Thanks Dom, for the edits! I use the same language across multiple docs so I'll open a separate PR to make the same updates to all of them.

{{% observability_pipelines/secrets_env_var_note %}}

After you select the MySQL source in the pipeline UI:

> 1. Enter the identifier for your URI connection string. If you leave it blank, the [default](#secret-defaults) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the identifier for your URI connection string. If you leave it blank, the [default](#secret-defaults) applies.
```

Author: Same as above, will open a separate PR to make updates across all docs.
